Use k8s_info module instead of deprecated k8s_facts in molecule scaffold (#2168) (#2203)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Upgrade minimal Ansible version in the init projects from `2.4` to `2.6`. ([#2107](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2107))

> - Use `k8s_info` module instead of deprecated `k8s_facts` module in molecule test scaffold. ([#2168](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/2168))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace in the ansible based operators module tests the `k8s_facts` for `k8s_info` which is deprecated. ([#2168](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/2168))
```
